docs: add a contributing Git cheatsheet document (#5753)
stdlib-js/stdlib: docs/contributing/git_cheatsheet.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2025 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# Git Cheatsheet

> > Git Cheatsheet for stdlib

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A cheatsheet for using Git to develop stdlib.
```

## Branching

In `stdlib`, the `develop` branch is the primary branch for development. Instead of making changes directly in the `develop` branch of your forked repository, it's best to create a separate branch for each feature or fix. This keeps your `develop` branch clean and makes it easier to pull updates from the official repository. To create a new branch for your work, use:

<!-- run-disable -->

```bash
git checkout -b feature/my-new-feature
```

## Changes

Now comes the fun part of actually writing code! After making your changes, it's always good to check what’s modified:

<!-- run-disable -->

```bash
git status
```

Once you're happy with your changes, add them to the staging area for a final confirmation:

<!-- run-disable -->

```bash
git add <file1> <file2>  # Add specific files
git add .                # Add all changes
```

Then, commit with a meaningful message:

<!-- run-disable -->

```bash

> git commit -m "feat: add support for new function"

Reviewer: @anandkaranubc I think it worthwhile to also include a commit example using `git commit`. Multi-line commits have tripped people up in the past.

2.  Click "Compare & pull request."
3.  Add a clear title and description (mention what you changed and why).

Once you create your pull request, a review request will be **automatically** sent to the maintainers via `stdlib-bot`. Your code will then be reviewed, and you may need to make some tweaks before it gets merged.

## Syncing

The `develop` branch of your forked repository should always stay **identical** to the official `stdlib` repository. If you accidentally add commits to your local `develop` branch, you need to remove them before updating it.

To update your local `develop` branch while making sure there are no unwanted changes, run:

<!-- run-disable -->

```bash
git checkout develop
git pull --ff-only upstream develop
```

> **Why use `--ff-only`?** This ensures your branch updates **only if no merge commits are needed**. If your `develop` branch has unexpected changes, this command will fail, alerting you that something is wrong.

If the above pull fails because you accidentally made changes to `develop`, you can **reset** it to match the official repository:

<!-- run-disable -->

```bash
git checkout develop
git reset --hard upstream/develop
```

> > **Warning:** This will delete any changes you made to `develop`. Make sure you don’t have important work in this branch before running this command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** This will delete any changes you made to `develop`. Make sure you don't have important work in this branch before running this command.
```

To resolve a merge conflict:

-   Open the file in your editor.
-   Choose which changes to keep.
-   Remove the conflict markers (`<<<<<<<`, `=======`, `>>>>>>>`).
-   Save the file.
-   Add the file to the staging area.
-   Continue the rebase or merge process.

### Example

We will consider the conflict in the `isEven` function above. Let's say you want to keep your changes and use the bitwise AND operator (`&`) instead of the modulo operator (`%`). Here's how you can resolve the conflict:

-   Modify the file to look like this:

    ```plaintext
    function isEven(x) {
        return ( x & 1 ) === 0;
    }
    ```

-   Add the file to the staging area:

    <!-- run-disable -->

    ```bash
    git add <file>
    ```

-   Continue the rebase or merge:

    <!-- run-disable -->

    ```bash
    git rebase --continue # If rebasing
    git merge --continue  # If merging
    ```

> **Tip:** Many editors like VS Code highlight conflicts and even give you buttons to accept incoming or current changes. This can make resolving conflicts much easier.

> Merge conflicts can be annoying, but they’re a natural part of working with others. Take your time, and don’t hesitate to ask for help if you're stuck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merge conflicts can be annoying, but they're a natural part of working with others. Take your time, and don't hesitate to ask for help if you're stuck.
```
